{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Georgeo Rocco}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 PROBLEM ONE: TRAINS\
\
Problem: \'a0The local commuter railroad services a number of towns in\
Kiwiland. \'a0Because of monetary concerns, all of the tracks are 'one-way.'\
That is, a route from Kaitaia to Invercargill does not imply the existence\
of a route from Invercargill to Kaitaia. \'a0In fact, even if both of these\
routes do happen to exist, they are distinct and are not necessarily the\
same distance!\
\
The purpose of this problem is to help the railroad provide its customers\
with information about the routes. \'a0In particular, you will compute the\
distance along a certain route, the number of different routes between two\
towns, and the shortest route between two towns.\
\
Input: \'a0A directed graph where a node represents a town and an edge\
represents a route between two towns. \'a0The weighting of the edge represents\
the distance between the two towns. \'a0A given route will never appear more\
than once, and for a given route, the starting and ending town will not be\
the same town.\
\
Output: For test input 1 through 5, if no such route exists, output 'NO\
SUCH ROUTE'. \'a0Otherwise, follow the route as given; do not make any extra\
stops! \'a0For example, the first problem means to start at city A, then\
travel directly to city B (a distance of 5), then directly to city C (a\
distance of 4).\
\
1. The distance of the route A-B-C.\
2. The distance of the route A-D.\
3. The distance of the route A-D-C.\
4. The distance of the route A-E-B-C-D.\
5. The distance of the route A-E-D.\
6. The number of trips starting at C and ending at C with a maximum of 3\
stops. \'a0In the sample data below, there are two such trips: C-D-C (2\
stops). and C-E-B-C (3 stops).\
7. The number of trips starting at A and ending at C with exactly 4 stops.\
In the sample data below, there are three such trips: A to C (via B,C,D); A\
to C (via D,C,D); and A to C (via D,E,B).\
8. The length of the shortest route (in terms of distance to travel) from A\
to C.\
9. The length of the shortest route (in terms of distance to travel) from B\
to B.\
10. The number of different routes from C to C with a distance of less than 30. \'a0In the sample data, the trips are: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 CDC, CEBC, CEBCDC, CDCEBC, CDEBC,\
CEBCEBC, CEBCEBCEBC
\fs26 \
\
Test Input:\
\
For the test input, the towns are named using the first few letters of the\
alphabet from A to E. \'a0A route between two towns (A to B) with a distance\
of 5 is represented as AB5.\
\
Graph: AB5, BC4, CD8, DC8, DE6, AD5, CE2, EB3, AE7\
\
Expected Output:\
\
Output #1: 9\
Output #2: 5\
Output #3: 13\
Output #4: 22\
Output #5: NO SUCH ROUTE\
Output #6: 2\
Output #7: 3\
Output #8: 9\
Output #9: 9\
Output #10: 7\
==========\
}